No hurry, Mr. Zhou
The grass people have one more thing to ask for
Lord Wang Zhou allows
What a mess
I don't think you know anything at all
Just messing around here
The lord punished the man severely
You said Caomin wanted to re-examine the autopsy
What!
No adults
My father and uncle have passed away
Should have been buried
Now it's in front of others to be seen
As a member of the Zhang family, I absolutely disagree
Master Yan was originally there to solve the case
If it exists under Zhang Da's human rights
Would surely agree
You fart, I see you want to take the opportunity to destroy the corpse
wait for revenge
Adults must make decisions for villains, right?
Enough is enough to find out the truth
If Qin Feng can't find out
This officer will convict him
As for this moment
Come and take the corpses of Zhang Ji and his son
You can't bring it back.
adults adults
The two bodies of the deceased are here
You can check it directly.
Thank you sir
Sure enough
adult
Grass people just checked the throats of two corpses
No smoke was found in the throats of the two bodies
No smoke
So what?
My lord, if the deceased died in the fire
Must have cried out for help before the fire
Which causes a lot of smoke to enter the throat.